## Ending 2/10 (Bri's Path): Co-Op Mode.

The Ruler, pleased that you decided to choose the Riches, and not the Gods, gleefully handed over the vase filled with Riches to you. As you admire them though, The Ruler points out that night is starting to take over. You can also already feel yourself growing more and more tired, but it seems that The Ruler noticed this first. They’d also offer you a room to sleep in, which you readily agree to, since it’s that or sleeping outside.. The Ruler personally escorts you to a room fit for a King, and leaves you to be. You think that this will be the end of your interactions with The Ruler, but unbeknownst to you, they have more plans with you. Upon waking up in the morning, you find that your original wardrobe has been evacuated from where you slept, and instead replaced with expensive silks, decorative jewels, and leathery sandals. You’re left confused, but decide to wear the new clothing, given that you cannot find your original clothes. As soon as you leave the room, and enter the throne room, you are greeted by willing staff and The Ruler, who explains to you that you have fulfilled a secret prophecy, and thanks to your greediness, you will now be able to rule Athens alongside them! Congratulations on the new positions, and I hope you will rule fairly, but judging by your interactions with The Other Ruler, it’s clear that you might **already** be able to rule well..

### [Head Back to Previous Fork.](riches-or-devotion.md)
### [Head Back to Beginning.](../../README.md)
