## Zeus’ Approval.

The Ruler sadly bids you farewell, and you exit their palace, carrying the Vase and the Mirror. You walk through the streets, and pass by several markets, barely being able to read the signs covering several awnings. From what it seems like, you are in a distorted version of Athens, which as you remember, is the capital of Greece in your Dimension. With that knowledge in mind, you recognize that there is a temple designated to Zeus located somewhere in the center of Athens, so you make hace towards it. Upon reaching the.. Surprisingly not ruined Temple, you cautiously make your way inside, and set the vase in front of an altar with a Zeus Statue. You say your prayers and worships, before starting to make your way to the entranceway. As you reach the entranceway however, a yellow light flashes in front of you, temporarily blinding you. You are left confused and even scared, until the light’s effects go away, revealing that you’re standing directly in front of the gates to .. Mount Olympus?! Yes, you lucky dog, Zeus has loved your gift so much that he has brought you to Mount Olympus. This could be your chance to ask him to help you get back home, though you likely will have to exchange something with him.. On the other hand however, you could try to go to Hera, and.. ‘Convince’ her to help you instead, seeing how she might not need any exchanges whatsoever. The key to getting back home is within this decision, so choose wisely.

### [Offer the Enchanted Mirror to Zeus.](tartarus-banishment-end.md)
### [Try to Seduce Hera.](olympus-assistance-end.md)
