## Black Aura.

You pause to think about what to do, and eventually, opt to test the woman. If she truly is a psychic, then maybe she can read your fortune. You calmly ask if she could tell you what lies ahead for your future, and she happily agrees, asking for your hand soon after. You extended your hand out, and she gently held it with her own.. She’d then start speaking in a language that at first you didn’t recognize, but upon listening to it a bit more, you realized she’s speaking Latin! She continued to speak Latin, as her eye would emit a dark purple glow, and the ground around you started to blur. You felt yourself panicking a little, but the woman would gently squeeze your hand, reassuring you that you won’t feel any pain. This would continue for a few more seconds, until the ground slowly reverted back, and the glow from the woman’s eye ceased, revealing a concerned look on her face(?). She reveals to you that you seem to have a ‘Black-Coloured Aura’, and you are struggling to overcome a problem.. Admittedly, she’s right. Afterall, you’re in this foreign world, and you’re not sure if you’ll ever be able to leave it. It seems she notices what you’re dealing with, even without you telling her, and she’d rise to her feet, pulling you up with her. She assured you that she’d help you go back home, and with that, she suddenly rushed out of the shack, pulling you out with her.. The 2 of you rushed through the city, despite the rain still falling, until you reached another alleyway. She’d squeeze your hand tighter, as she escorted you into the alleyway, revealing a glowing and red portal, though it seemed to be fading away rapidly. This might be your way out, but as you know from before, red is commonly never safe.. Do you risk it, and enter the Portal, or do you decide to back up, hoping you’ll find another Portal later?

### [Back Up out of Caution.](shack-dweller-end.md)
### [Step into the Portal.](forbidden-section-end.md)

