## Ending 6/10 (Bri's Path): Dimension M@K0.

While admittedly, you know you’re doing this to try and help the Picture Frame, you end up saying that she should do it herself in a more rude manner than intended. You quickly catch onto what you said, especially given her offended expression and apologize, and seemingly, she accepts it. She also claims she understands, but don’t take her forgiving attitude seriously.. For the next few hours, you watch as the Picture Frame work on the Spawner, with her occasionally looking back at you with an.. Albeit kinda creepy smile, but you decide to give her the benefit of the doubt, especially since she gave you that earlier. As soon as she finished creating the Spawner, you thanked her profusely, and offered an apology once again, but she refused it, and instead wished you a ‘Good Trip’ back home. With that, she activated the Spawner, and you stepped into the newly appeared Portal, but instead of heading back home, or even to the Forbidden Section of that Laboratory, you find yourself.. Submerged in a vast Ocean? Your eyes widened as you held your breath for dear life, trying to make sure you didn't drown. The Picture Frame would then briefly show her face from another Portal and laugh at you. Did you really think she’d help rude people such as yourself? Never! She continued to laugh, as you felt your throat start to tighten.. Before you can reach out to her however, the Portal, as well as The Picture Frame would disappear, leaving you to an.. Already sealed demise.

### [Head Back to Previous Fork.](glass-inventor.md)
### [Head Back to Beginning.](../../README.md)
