 ## Ending 10/10 (Bri's Path): The Forbidden Section.

You approach the Portal, watching as it continues to flicker and fade.. This could be your only shot back home, even when considering the risks of ending up in a more hazardous Dimension. You turned towards the Broken Moon Necklace woman and waved to her, silently letting her know your decision. A sad smile appeared on both of your faces, as the woman approached you, and wished you farewell, while also letting you know that you were free to return if you needed to. You took her words to heart, and nodded, as you stepped into the Red Portal and closed your eyes, bracing yourself for the potential horrors you’d see on the other side. The area around you grew distorted and blurred, as you were propelled through what looked like a white void. For a moment, you felt fear, as if you made the wrong choice. You closed your eyes and braced yourself even more, as you felt your body becoming more warm.. Within the next few minutes, you would be pushed out of a new Red Portal, falling over and feeling.. Solid floor? You pushed your head up, and looked around, realizing that you were right in front of the Forbidden Section you had fallen through earlier! You can even see the hole your body has made in the distance.. You feel your body relax immensely, but don’t relax for wrong, as you should probably leave the section now, before you accidentally fall into the Portal Room once again, or worse, some scientists end up catching you in the section they had cut off from the public eye.

### [Head Back to Previous Fork.](black-aura.md)
### [Head Back to Beginning.](../../README.md)
