## Ending 7/10 (Bri's Path): Inventor’s Aid.

While admittedly, you are worried that you might accidentally mess up a part of the Portal Spawner, you agree to help the Picture Frame make it. Relieved, she brings out a specialized blueprint, detailing what the invention will look like when it’s finished, and what you’ll need to make it. To your relief, it seems that you will be able to do most of the steps easily, and with the help of the Picture Frame, you know you are bound to finish everything within a few hours! The 2 of you would then spend some time building the Portal Spawner, and learning more about one another. You start to see that the Picture Frame has her own name, Paige, and is genuinely a nice person, though just so caught up by her work. Paige even teaches you how to do things that you didn’t know how to do at first, which is another bonus! Eventually, the 2 of you finish the Portal Spawner, and it looks just as cool as it did in the blueprints. You thank Paige profusely for her help, who accepts it and even hugs you, wishing you farewell. You embraced her briefly, before letting go, and watching as she activated the Portal Spawner. You waved her goodbye as you stepped into the Portal, now finding yourself back home, where you belong. However, you see something in your pocket.. When you take it out, you find a small phone fitted with a super practical Phone Case. It was 1 Final Gift from Paige.. How sweet.

### [Head Back to Previous Fork.](glass-inventor.md)
### [Head Back to Beginning.](../../README.md)
